The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
The lake is a long way from here.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
I’m a living furnace.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
Hit me with your pet shark!
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
